Process updates (#1291)
openjournals/joss: docs/editing.md

If you believe a submission should be rejected, for example, because it is out of scope for JOSS, then you should:

- Ask EditorialBot to flag the submission as potentially out of scope with the command `@editorialbot query scope`. This command adds the `query-scope` label to the issue.

> - Mention to the author your reasons for flagging the submission as possibly out of scope, and _optionally_ give them opportunity an defend their submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mention to the author your reasons for flagging the submission as possibly out of scope, and _optionally_ give them an opportunity to defend their submission.
```

- During the scope review process, the editorial team may ask the authors to provide additional information about their submission to assist the editorial board with their decision.
- The TEiC will make a final determination of whether a submission is in scope, taking into account the feedback of other editors.

**Scope reviews for resubmissions**

> In the case where an author re-submits a previously-rejected paper to JOSS, the TEiC will use their discretion on whether a further scope review is required by the full editorial team, or 1) whether the previous reasons to reject still stands, or 2) whether there have been sufficient updates to now send the submission out for review.

Author: ```suggestion
In the event that an author re-submits a paper to JOSS that was previously rejected, the TEiC will use their discretion to determine: 1) whether a full scope review by the entire editorial team is necessary, 2) if the previous reasons for rejection remain valid, or 3) if there have been enough updates to warrant sending the submission out for review.
```
